[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: But
what we're gonna do is remove the need to
call new when we're using our $ function,
right.
So right now to create an instance
you have to use the new operator but
what we wanna do is make our $
function detect if new wasn't used.
And then make sure new was called.
So let's take a look at our $ function and
see if you guys have any
ideas on how to do this.
So here's our $ function,
we need to make it so
that if I call something like $("li"),
that's still gonna create
an instance of $ and
still return that instance li's.
So that we can do things like
call our HTML method on it.
All right, so quick question.
What's going to happen if we
call the $ function like this?
What will this be inside here?
>> Speaker 2: Window.
>> Justin Meyer: Window, absolutely right,
so that's wrong.
So you guys need to figure out some
way of detecting if this is incorrect.
And then make sure $ is called
with the correct thing.
So I'll kind of write this out.
>> Justin Meyer: And
I'm not gonna say what correct
means cuz you can try to figure
out what not correct means,
if this isn't correct,
call new $(,
>> Justin Meyer: selector)
otherwise, continue as normal.
So that's what you need to do,
any questions about this?
This is the tricky part,
that I want you guys to kinda think
about how you might make this work.
The test
has
>> Justin Meyer: Test
just make sure that the same kinda,
you were getting the same thing
back that using new used.
>> Justin Meyer: Although
it probably should be testing to make sure
that context has an HTML method on it.
But other than that,
this should be test the same thing.
So I'll put this up and
we'll put the, this should be
like seven minutes about that.
We'll start with about seven minutes.
Was there a question?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
from before I think if this makes sense.
He was asking about the HTML solution,
arguments.length,
can that be explained again?
>> Justin Meyer: Yeah,
let me go to that.
>> Justin Meyer: To the HTML solution.
So when we call, we get our li's
>> Justin Meyer: We'll
make lis equal that.
And we wanna call this HTML function.
In jQuery if you call [COUGH] The the HTML
function without any arguments,
it returns the innerHTML of first li,
might be something like a Doberman.
If you call li's with multiple
arguments or sorry, if you call li,
or sorry if you call HTML with
an argument, a string argument.
Such as like, hey there,
that's gonna go to every li and
updated its innerHTML, to this.
So this is what the behavior we want, we
want this behavior for our HTML function,
where it does different things depending
on if a value was passed here.
Now there's a way that a lot
of times people will do it,
they'll just say hey if we
have a new val or new HTML.
Then run through this because
hey they passed something so
we'll do the setter instead of the getter.
But this isn't a great
technique because what
happens if someone wanted
to just remove the HTML and
set it to pass in an empty string?
An empty string is false,
so it would return the,
it would do the getter code and
return the first items in our HTML.
Where we really want to be setting every
element in our HTML to the empty string.
So instead of doing it this way,
also instead of doing like undefined,
that would actually work for this case.
But in case someone did pass
an undefined and we actually
wanted to set innerHTML to undefined,
which really doesn't make sense for HTML.
But it does make sense for
other places where you might want to
actually pass in an undefined value.
The strongest best way of just
checking if someone actually called
it with an argument or not,
is to do arguments.length.
Now, the reason why arguments.length
works is anytime a function
is called along with the other,
with all the values like the arguments,
new HTML being put in the call object,
and this being put in the call object.
There's also an arguments
array-like structure that you can
access inside of a function and
that gives you an array-like
structure of each argument that
was passed to the function.
And arguments also has a length to tell
you how many arguments that function was
called with.
So that is about as thorough of
an explanation as I think I can get.
Hopefully that helps.